[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE STORY
OF A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO FIGHT
AGAINST FATE.
SIMON LEARNS THE SAD SECRET
BEHIND NIA’S BIRTH.
CONFRONTED BY GUAME’S DEVIOUS
TRAP, THE CORE DRILL ON SIMON’S
CHEST GIVES OFF A BLINDING
LIGHT AND GURREN LAGANN STANDS
REBORN.
THE MAN HAS GOTTEN BACK ON HIS
FEET.
>> Cytomander: SO EVEN THE
GREAT GUAME, THE IMMOVABLE,
WITH HIS DISTINGUISHED SERVICE,
WAS GIVEN THE RUNAROUND
BY HUMANS.
PATHETIC.
>> Guame: HUNH! I DON’T HAVE TO
TAKE THAT FROM SOMEONE WHO
NEVER LEAVES THE COMFORT OF THE
CAPITAL.
>> Cytomander: THE SPIRAL KING
HAS BUT TO GIVE THE WORD, AND
I, CYTOMANDER, WILL SET OUT.
>> Lordgenome: AND ADIANE?
>> SHE HAS YET TO RETURN.
>> Cytomander: THAT WOMAN
DOESN’T KNOW WHEN TO GIVE UP.
>> Lordgenome: AND DAI‐GUNZAN?
>> PROCEEDING ON A DIRECT COURSE
HERE TO TEPPELIN.
>> Lordgenome: WELL...
>> Guame: IT WOULD SEEM FORTUNE
IS TURNING IN ADIANE’S FAVOR.
>> Cytomander: WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
>> Guame: THEY’RE HEADING
STRAIGHT FOR THE SEA.
>> Gimmy: WHAAH!
LOOK AT THAT!
IT’S A BIG WATER PUDDLE!
>> Kittan: WHAT, ARE YOU GUYS
STUPID OR SOMETHING?
THIS "BIG PUDDLE" HERE IS
WHAT WE CALL "THE SEA"!
>> Gimmy: THE SEA?
>> Kittan: IT’S WHERE WATER
FROM RAIN AND RIVERS AND STUFF
GATHERS FROM ALL AROUND THE
WORLD.
>> Gimmy: [gasps]
>> Artenborough: YOU KNOW
EVERYTHING.
>> Nia: I’VE HEARD STORIES
ABOUT IT BEFORE, BUT THIS IS MY
FIRST TIME SEEING IT.
>> Simon: SO THIS IS THE SEA!
>> Kittan: LISTEN UP, PEOPLE!
ALL THE WATER THAT’S IN THE
SEA IS SALTY!
>> Gimmy: SALTY SEAWATER,
SALTY PEE WATER, SALTY SEAWATER,
SALTY PEE WATER!
>> Zorthy: YEAH, WHAT OF IT?
>> Kidd: IT’S JUST SOMETHING TO
GO AROUND, RIGHT?
>> Jorgun: GO AROUND!
>> Balinbow: GO AROUND!
[all shout]
>> Yoko: WHAT’S WITH THE
ABSURD OUTFITS?
>> Kittan: NO, STOP LOOKING...
>> Kiyoh: IF YOU’VE COME TO THE
SEA, YOU’VE GOTTA GO SWIMMING.
YOU GOT NO CHOICE.
>> Kinon: AS WELL AS SWIMMING,
WE’LL BE ABLE TO CONFIRM IF THE
WATER IS SALTY.
>> Kiyal: THAT’S RIGHT.
GET INTO YOUR SWIMSUITS, AND
LET’S GO SWIMMING!
>> Kidd: GO SWIMMING!
>> Zorthy: IN OUR SWIMSUITS!
>> Artenborough: AND THAT
MEANS...
[all shouting]
>> Yoko: BUNCH OF CLOWNS!
WHAT ARE YOU THINKING?
STAY FOCUSED,
YOU PERVERTED CREEPS.
MAKING OUR WAY TO THE CAPITAL
IS OUR TOP PRIORITY.
WE DON’T HAVE TIME TO BE
GOOFING OFF!
>> Ron: ACTUALLY, THAT’S NOT
ENTIRELY TRUE.
>> Yoko: HUH?
>> Ron: TAKE A LOOK.
[beeping]
THIS IS TEPPELIN PALACE
AT THE HEART OF THE CAPITAL.
>> Rossiu: OH, I SEE.
SO IN ORDER FOR US TO
SUCCESSFULLY MAKE OUR WAY
TO TEPPELIN, WE HAVE NO
CHOICE BUT TO CROSS THIS WATER.
IS THAT RIGHT?
>> Ron: RIGHT.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY
DAI‐GURREN IS LAND‐BASED,
SO IT ISN’T WATERTIGHT.
>> Simon: WELL THEN, HOW DO WE
CROSS?
>> Ron: I HAD A FEELING
SOMETHING LIKE THIS WOULD
HAPPEN.
SO FOR JUST SUCH AN OCCASION,
I WHIPPED UP SOME AQUATIC GEAR!
ALTHOUGH IT’S NOT QUITE
READY YET, IT’LL STILL BE A
LITTLE WHILE.
>> girls: SO THAT MEANS...
>> Ron: YES, LADIES, IT MEANS
THAT YOU HAVE OODLES OF TIME TO
GOOF OFF.
>> girls: AWESOME!
[laughing]
>> all: AWESOME!
[all shouting]
>> Zorthy: HEY, COME ON!
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET’S SUIT UP!
[all shouting]
>> Ron: YOU’RE NOT GOING IN?
>> Yoko: SWIMMING AROUND IN THE
SEA UNDER THE SUN.
I MEAN, I GUESS THAT
MIGHT BE KINDA FUN.
[gasping and giggling]
>> Gimmy: HMM?
BLAH! SALTY!
[spitting]
>> Ron: VERY SALTY.
THIS IS WHERE ALL THE TEARS
THAT STREAM DOWN THE FACES OF
WOMEN END UP.
>> [shouting]
>> Zorthy: THEY’RE COMING!
[all gasp]
>> Zorthy: WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT’S WITH THAT THING WRAPPED
AROUND HER WAIST?
>> Kidd: YEAH, WHAT’S UP WITH
THAT?
IT’S WEIRD.
SHE’S SHOWING LESS SKIN
THAN USUAL!
>> Kittan: TAKE AWAY THE SKIN,
AND WHAT’S SHE GOT LEFT?
JUST A BIG‐ASS RIFLE.
>> Yoko: I KNOW THAT, OKAY?!
BESIDES, ISN’T IT BETTER
TO LEAVE A LITTLE TO THE
IMAGINATION?
>> Kittan: ARE YOU AN IDIOT?!
THAT’S NOT HOW IT WORKS!
EVERYONE KNOWS, THE MORE SKIN
THE BETTER!
>> Yoko: AH, SCREW ALL OF YOU!
I’LL FILL YOU FULL OF LEAD!
>> Nia: EXCUSE ME.
[explosive sounds]
I HAVE NEVER BEFORE WORN AN
OUTFIT SUCH AS THIS ONE.
DOES IT LOOKS ALL RIGHT?
>> Kittan: LOOKS LIKE YOKO’S
RIGHT.
IT’S FAR BETTER TO CONCEAL
THAN TO REVEAL.
[boys laughing]
>> Yoko: [stammering]
>> Ron: YOU JEALOUS?
>> Yoko: YEAH , RIGHT!
>> Kiyoh: WHEN YOU’RE AT
THE BEACH...
>> all: IT’S VOLLEYBALL TIME!
>> Nia: VOLLEYBALL?
WHAT IS THAT?
>> Kiyoh: IT’S A GAME
WHERE YOU SMASH THIS BALL AS
HARD AS YOU CAN INTO YOUR
OPPONENTS’ AREA.
>> Nia: HARD AS I CAN?
>> Yoko: [thinking] PERFECT!
WHEN IT COMES TO CONTESTS
OF PHYSICAL POWER, I AM
OBVIOUSLY THE‐‐
>> Nia: AAAH!
[boys cheering]
>> Nia: UM...DID I DO IT RIGHT?
>> Zorthy: YOU SURE DID!
THAT WAS AWESOME!
>> Nia: I WAS INSTRUCTED IN THE
BASICS OF ATHLETICS AND
SPORTING AT THE PALACE.
IT WAS PART OF A PRINCESS’S
EDUCATION.
[giggles]
>> Yoko: [growling]
SHE’S MORE FORMIDABLE THAN SHE
LOOKS!
>> Kiyal: COME ON, EVERYONE!
LET’S DO THE WATERMELON
SPLITTING GAME!
>> Kinon: YEAH!
>> Yoko: [grunting]
AAH!
>> Yoko: WHY, YOU STUPID
LITTLE... COME BACK HERE!
YOU...OHH!
>> Nia: HAAH!
MY GOODNESS.
IT LOOKS LIKE I DID IT!
>> all: NIA, YOU ARE SO AWESOME!
>> Yoko: [growls]
>> Ron: ALL RIGHT, EVERYBODY,
MAY I HAVE YOUR ATTENTION?!
I WILL NOW EXPLAIN TO YOU
HOW MY AQUATIC EQUIPMENT WORKS.
NOW LISTEN UP CLOSELY.
FIRST OF ALL...
>> Yoko: [grunting]
[gurgling]
[chattering]
>> Ron: SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> Nia: [giggling]
>> Ron: SHE’S COMPLETELY
BLENDED IN.
AND SHE’S A VERY SWEET GIRL.
>> Yoko: YES, I KNOW ALL THAT,
ALL RIGHT?
>> Ron: YOU MAD THAT SHE’S
STOLEN THE BOYS AWAY?
>> Yoko: OF COURSE NOT.
>> Ron: MM‐HMM.
[chuckles]
>> Kittan: AFTER YOU SWIM...
YOU GOTTA HAVE A BARBECUE!
>> Nia: HERE!
>> Yoko: [gasps]
>> Nia: HERE. GO ON, MISS YOKO.
EAT UP!
>> Yoko: OH, WELL, OKAY.
[gasps]
[group groans]
>> Artenborough: YOKO WENT AND
DROPPED HER CRAB!
>> Kidd: NIA SLAVED AWAY TO
MAKE THAT, YOU KNOW!
>> all: AAH!
[laughter]
GOTCHA! JUST KIDDING!
HUH?
>> Nia: IT’S OKAY.
I’LL MAKE YOU ANOTHER ONE.
>> Yoko: I’M SORRY,
BUT DON’T BOTHER.
I DON’T WANT ANY, OKAY?!
>> Nia: WHY NOT, MISS YOKO?
>> Kidd: WHAT THE HELL’S HER
PROBLEM?
>> Zorthy: LOOKS LIKE SOMEBODY
CAN’T TAKE A JOKE!
>> Jorgun: YEAH, IT JOKE.
IT JOKE!
>> Artenborough: LEARN TO READ
THE ROOM, LADY!
>> Balinbow: YEAH! READ ROOM!
>> Ron: OKAY, IT’S MORE OR
LESS...ALL DONE!
>> Simon: SO ARE YOU SURE THAT
IT’S REALLY GOING TO WORK, RON?
>> Ron: IT’S ALL GOOD!
FOR NOW...
>> Tetsukan: SO, UH...
WHAT’S DIFFERENT?
>> Kittan: THE BRIDGE CERTAINLY
DOESN’T LOOK ANY DIFFERENT.
>> Ron: I STILL HAVE A FEW
SMALL ADJUSTMENTS TO MAKE.
>> Gabal: HEY HEY, THAT’S MY‐‐
>> Artenborough: YEAH, LET’S
LAUNCH!
[all screaming]
>> Zorthy: YOU DUMB‐ASS MORON!
GIVE US A LITTLE WARNING FIRST!
>> Simon: [gasps]
>> Ron: WHADDYA THINK?
>> Simon: AMAZING!
>> Ron: WELL, IN THAT CASE,
MAKE IT OFFICIAL!
>> Simon: RIGHT!
SET COURSE FOR TEPPELIN!
>> all: STEADY AS SHE GOES!
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[both giggle]
>> Yoko: OOH...
>> Gimmy: [laughing]
THAT ONE LOOKS FUNNY.
IT’S REALLY WEIRD!
>> Darry: HEY, GIMMY, WHAT’S
THAT?
>> Gimmy: OH! WOW!
LOOK, DARRY, BUBBLES ARE COMING
OUT OF THEIR BUTTS!
[beeping]
>> Kinon: SHIP DETECTED ON THE
SONAR!
IT’S CLOSING AT REALLY HIGH
SPEED!
>> Tetsukan: IT’S DIRECTLY
BENEATH US!
ACCORDING TO THIS READING, IT’S
A GUNMEN!
>> Dayakka: HARD RIGHT RUDDER,
ENGAGE!
>> Gabal: TOO LATE!
[both scream]
>> Yoko: WHAT WAS THAT?!
>> Fishman: TORPEDO GUNMEN ONE,
TWO, AND THREE, DIRECT HITS!
>> Adiane: THIS IS JUST LIKE
WATCHING MOTHS FLYING INTO THE
FLAME.
>> Viral: RIGHT.
>> Adiane: I’M TAKING SAYRUNE,
SO LISTEN.
YOU TAKE COMMAND OF DAI‐GUNKAI
IN MY ABSENCE, VIRAL.
>> Viral: YES, MA’AM!
>> Adiane: YOU WORTHLESS
STINKING HUMANS!
I’M GONNA MAKE YOU REGRET THAT
YOU EVEN THOUGHT TO DARE TO
SHAME ME!
I’LL SEND YOU STRAIGHT
TO THE BOTTOM!
>> Dayakka: OPEN FIRE!
>> Artenborough: YEAH!
DIRECT HITS ON EVERY SHOT!
>> Tetsukan: ACTUALLY, THERE
WERE NO HITS AT ALL.
>> Artenborough: HUH?
>> Kinon: ENEMY SHIP DESCENDING.
>> Dayakka: SWITCH FIRE CONTROL
TO THE DEPTH CHARGES!
>> Gabal: COMING RIGHT UP!
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
>> Fishman: WE’VE GOT SOME
DETONATIONS ABOVE THE PORT BOW!
>> Viral: LOUSY HUMAN SCUM.
THAT’S PATHETIC.
YOU SHOULD TRY HARDER.
ONE THROUGH SIX, FIRE!
[all screaming]
>> Kittan: I’M GOIN’ OUT!
BE SURE TO COVER ME.
>> Ron: HANG ON, KITTAN.
WAIT!
>> Kittan: [yelling]
[gurgled shouts]
>> Kittan: WHAT’S GOING ON?!
>> Ron: THE GUNMEN HAVEN’T BEEN
WATERPROOFED YET!
>> Kittan: YOU SHOULDA SAID
SOMETHING EARLIER!
>> Kinon: TORPEDO GUNMEN OFF TO
PORT!
>> Tetsukan: IT’S NO USE!
IT’S TOO FAST!
WAY FASTER THAN THOSE EARLIER
TORPEDOES!
IT’S ON A DIRECT COURSE!
TAKE EVASIVE ACTION!
[both gasping]
[both panting]
[screaming]
>> Tetsukan: BRIDGE THREE HAS
TAKEN SOME MAJOR DAMAGE!
OOH!
>> Artenborough: YAAH!
[gasps]
>> Dayakka: GIMMY AND DARRY ARE
SAFE AND SOUND!
>> Ron: SEAL THE BULKHEADS,
HURRY!
>> Kinon: LOOKS LIKE THE
TORPEDO GUNMEN IS COMING AROUND
FOR ANOTHER PASS!
IT’S FAST!
>> Tetsukan: LOOKS LIKE THIS
THING IS NOT A TORPEDO!
WE GOT A FOUR GENERALS
CUSTOM GUNMEN!
>> Dayakka: IF THIS KEEPS UP,
WE’RE HISTORY!
>> Ron: WE’RE GONNA HAVE TO
TAKE OUR CHANCES AND HOPE FOR
THE BEST!
GURREN LAGANN’S SPECIAL
REGENERATIVE ABILITY SHOULD
MAKE IT WATERTIGHT!
UNDERWATER COMBAT SHOULD BE
POSSIBLE.
>> Rossiu: WE HAVEN’T EXACTLY
CONFIRMED THAT.
>> Simon: WE’LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH IN THE WATER!
>> Ron: WE’RE COUNTING ON YOU,
BOYS!
>> Simon: WHAT’S OUR STATUS?
>> Rossiu: NO LEAKAGE POINTS
YET!
IT LOOKS LIKE WE’RE GOOD TO GO!
I KNEW IT COULD‐‐AAH!
>> Simon: IS THIS IT?
YOU BASTARD!
>> Adiane: [laughs]
STINKING HUMAN.
BATTLING ME IN THE WATER WILL
BE YOUR LAST MISTAKE!
[Adiane laughs]
>> Fishman 2: GENERAL ADIANE
HAS THE UPPER HAND!
>> Fishman 3: WE ARE NOW ABLE
TO MAKE A PUSH FOR DAI‐GUNZAN.
>> Viral: GURREN LAGANN.
I HAD HOPED TO HAVE THE PLEASURE
OF DISPATCHING YOU MYSELF.
BUT I OFFER IT TO YOU,
GENERAL ADIANE!
PLEASE VENT ALL OF MY ANGER AND
FURY ON THEM, MA’AM!
GO NOW, DAI‐GUNKAI, ENGAGE!
ARM CUTTER!
>> Tetsukan: THE FOOT FLIPPERS
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED!
PROPULSION IS DOWN!
>> Kinon: THEY’VE GRABBED US!
>> Ron: WHAT THE...
WHAT ARE THEY UP TO?
>> Viral: SET THE DOWN TRIM TO
FULL!
COMMENCE POWER DIVE!
>> Tetsukan: THEY’RE GONNA
PULL US UNDER!
>> Rossiu: HEY, SIMON!
DAI‐GURREN’S IN TROUBLE!
>> Simon: OH, NO!
CRAP!
>> Adiane: THINK YOU CAN AFFORD
TO DIVIDE YOUR ATTENTION WHILE
FACING ME, DO YOU?
DON’T INSULT ME!
>> Rossiu: IT’S NO USE, SIMON.
SHE’S MOVING TOO QUICKLY!
>> Gabal: WE’RE TAKING ON WATER!
>> Ron: WELL, SO MUCH FOR THE
QUICK FIX, I GUESS.
>> Artenborough: WE’RE GONNA
DROWN!
>> Tetsukan: WE’RE TAKING ON
WATER!
>> Dayakka: WHAT DO WE DO?!
WHAT DO WE DO?!
>> Nia: LISTEN, EVERYONE.
PLEASE REMAIN CALM.
>> Dayakka: NIA?
>> Nia: EVERYTHING’LL BE FINE.
I KNOW THAT SIMON IS GOING
TO COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
>> Yoko: OH, YEAH?
AND HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
>> Nia: I JUST KNOW IT!
>> Yoko: YOU...YOU JUST KNOW?
>> Nia: IT’S NOT BASED
ON ANYTHING.
I JUST KNOW THAT SIMON WILL FIND
A WAY.
THAT’S WHAT I THINK, ANYWAY.
>> Rossiu: THIS IS REALLY BAD!
DAI‐GURREN HAS GONE WAY BEYOND
ITS MAXIMUM DEPTH!
IT CAN’T TAKE MUCH MORE!
>> Artenborough: IT’S ALL OVER!
WE’RE GONNA DIE!
>> Tetsukan: IT’S COLD,
AND I CAN’T SWIM!
>> Ron: PLEASE, DO SOMETHING!
>> Adiane: WHAT’LL YOU DO?
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS WILL BE
CRUSHED FLAT BY THE WATER
PRESSURE!
>> Simon: [grunts]
WE DON’T HAVE TIME...
TO FOOL AROUND...
>> Adiane: WHAT?!
>> Simon: WITH YOU AND YOUR
FRIENDS!
>> Adiane: WHAT THE HELL?
YOU WON’T ESCAPE!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
>> Adiane: HE’S FAST!
BLOODY CLASPER!
NO WAY!
NOTHING IS FASTER THAN ME IN
WATER!
>> Rossiu: OH, I GET IT!
IT’S DRILLING THROUGH THE WATER!
I GUESS SOIL ISN’T THE ONLY
THING YOUR DRILL CAN DIG
THROUGH, SIMON!
>> Fishman 3: GURREN LAGANN
IS CLOSING IN REALLY FAST!
>> Viral: FIRE AT WILL!
>> Ron: OOH!
>> Viral: IMPOSSIBLE!
[all cheering]
>> Adiane: THIS ISN’T OVER YET!
[both scream]
DESPERATE TIMES BRING DESPERATE
MEASURES.
I’M GOING TO MAKE USE OF THE
PRINCESS A LITTLE BIT LONGER!
>> Nia: [gasping]
>> Simon: PUT HER DOWN!
LET NIA GO!
>> Adiane: CAREFUL, NOW.
I DARE YOU TO TAKE ANOTHER STEP.
IF YOU DO, I’LL CRUSH YOUR
LITTLE PRINCESS!
>> Viral: LET ME SHOOT HIM.
>> Adiane: HANG ON A MINUTE,
VIRAL.
AFTER ALL, I’VE GOT A HOSTAGE
WITH ME.
I THINK I’D LIKE TO MAKE THEM
ALL KILL EACH OTHER.
ALL RIGHT, YOU HUMANS!
TRAIN BOTH OF YOUR MAIN GUNS ON
GURREN LAGANN!
NOW LISTEN UP.
ON MY SIGNAL, BLOW IT TO PIECES.
OR ELSE!
>> all: YOKO!
[gun locks and loads]
[all gasp]
>> Adiane: AND WHAT HAVE WE
HERE?
THAT TOY OF YOURS WON’T WORK ON
MY SAYRUNE.
OR ARE YOU GOING TO KILL THE
PRINCESS AND REMOVE HER AS
A BARGAINING CHIP?
[Artenborough gasps]
>> Tetsukan: YOKO!
>> Dayakka: HEY, YOKO, WAIT UP.
DON’T BE HASTY!
>> Simon: YOKO, DON’T DO IT!
>> Yoko: BE QUIET. SHUT UP.
[all screaming]
>> Simon: YOKO!
>> Adiane: VERY INTERESTING...
AND WHAT WILL YOU BE SHOOTING
NEXT?
PERHAPS AN ARM?
MAYBE A LEG?
IF YOU MAKE HER SUFFER TOO
BADLY, I MIGHT START TO FEEL
SORRY FOR THE GIRL!
WHAT?
MY SHOULDER!
>> Nia: GRAMPS, IT’S YOU!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
>> Old Coco: HEE.
>> Adiane: CAREFUL!
FIRE AT THAT ANGLE, AND YOU’LL
MANAGE TO KILL BOTH OF US.
YOU HUMANS AREN’T REALLY THAT
STUPID, ARE YOU?
>> Yoko: ACTUALLY...
I’M AFRAID WE ARE.
>> Artenborough: COME ON!
TO HELL WITH IT!
FIRE!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[Adiane gasps]
>> Viral: GENERAL ADIANE!
>> Simon: NO, YOU DON’T!
>> Adiane: THYMILPH, I’M...
I’M SORRY.
[all cheering]
>> Artenborough: LET’S RIDE
THIS WAVE STRAIGHT TO SHORE!
>> Lordgenome: HM?
SHE’S DEAD?
[both grumbling]
[Viral exhales loudly]
>> Viral: DAMN YOU!
DAMN YOU, GURREN LAGANN!
DAMN!
>> Nia: MISS YOKO?
WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR?
>> Yoko: HUH? SURE.
>> Nia: I WOULD LIKE YOU...
TO TIDY UP MY HAIR A BIT.
[scissors snipping]
>> Yoko: OOPS.
THIS STUFF ISN’T EXACTLY MY
STRONG SUIT.
DON’T COME COMPLAINING TO ME
AFTERWARDS.
>> Nia: IT’LL BE FINE.
>> Yoko: ANOTHER THING YOU
JUST KNOW?
>> Nia: YES!
>> Yoko: OHH.
WHY DID YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES
BACK THERE?
>> Nia: YOU ARE A MASTER
WITH A RIFLE, MISS YOKO.
I CLOSED MY EYES BECAUSE I HAD
FAITH IN YOU.
[Yoko gasps]
>> Yoko: BOY...WHAT A MORON.
>> Nia: HUH?
>> Yoko: NO, NO!
I WAS TALKING TO MYSELF.
OKAY! ALL DONE!
>> Nia: AH! THERE’S SOMETHING
REFRESHING ABOUT IT.
>> Yoko: REALLY?
YOU THINK SO?
>> Nia: WHAT DO YOU THINK?
>> Yoko: WELL...IT’S NICE.
>> Nia: YOU REALLY MEAN IT?
[Yoko giggles]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[man singing in Japanese]
>> Nia: WHAT WILL IT TAKE TO
GET A SMILE OUT OF THE BOY WHO
IS LOOKING UP INTO THE SKY?
I WILL COOK DINNER AND WAIT FOR
FOR HIM.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN:
"EAT UP, EVERYONE."